# Modifiable LED Matrix

**Project Vision Statement**

This project is dedicated to the creation of a programmable 64 x 32 RGB LED matrix that is configured by an ESP8266 development board that is running Arduino. The ideal product will allow the consumer to input text onto a computer in a text box and then project that text onto the LED Matrix while it is hooked up. From there the consumer will be given the option to change the text in various ways such as color and size of the text, background color, and amount of slides of text so that the sign can go through different slides of text before looping back to the first. There will also be text effects such as scrolling and a wave effect to make the projected text more interesting.

This product is perfect for retail stores that want a cool and flashy sign that is highly configurable. The ability to change the sign's text makes it infinitely reusable and although there is only 64 x 32 LEDs, the ability for the sign to switch between slides that each contain its own set of text makes the sign able to hold a lot of different information. This for example can allow a store to set up the sign in a way where each slide contains one item on sale and from there they can have multiple slides that are looped through. This product beats other signs in its competition by the amount of data it can contain and the amount of ways that data can be displayed. Many signs have one static message such as a neon "OPEN" sign while this product can say anything you want it to. Also, since LED's are very power efficient, it is possible for the sign to use less power when compared to signs that use older technology such as neon and halogen lighting.

For businesses, eateries, college students, etc. Anyone who is looking for a fully customizable LED display and wants to use it for decoration, entertainment and visual promotions. Smart LED. An LED screen with prebuilt apps including a customizable message board, a live-streamed UCF scoreboard, and a game. It is interactive with the user. It can be fully personalized to fit the user’s wants or needs, and it acts as a decorative piece. Unlike other standard signs that are mainly static. Smart LED is fully customizable and uses less energy than traditional neon and halogen signs. Smart LED is multi-colored, offering the ability to display images, custom text, and live-feeds of information. Other products in this category are static and generally un-customizable.
